nRF700x driver doxygen docs (#11372)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/drivers/nrf700x.rst

Reviewer: The rendering of the low level API subpages seems to be happening as follows:
![image](https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/assets/102589553/7b910017-d0b0-4d99-8ec8-1b52728c4da8)

Can the the API pages be moved to a sub-level?

Design overview
***************

The nRF700X Wi-Fi driver follows an OS agnostic design, and the driver implementation is split into OS agnostic and OS (Zephyr) specific code.
The OS agnostic code is located in the :file:`drivers/wifi/nrf700x/osal/` folder and the OS specific code is located in the :file:`drivers/wifi/nrf700x/zephyr/` folder.

The driver supports two modes of operations:

Wi-Fi mode

> ^^^^^^^^^^
> In this mode the driver is designed to be used with the Zephyr networking stack. It is implemented as a network interface driver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
^^^^^^^^^^

In this mode, the driver is designed to be used with the Zephyr networking stack.
It is implemented as a network interface driver.
```

> The nRF700X Wi-Fi driver follows an OS agnostic design, and the driver is implemented into OS agnostic and OS (Zephyr) specific implementation files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF700X Wi-Fi driver follows an OS agnostic design, and the driver implementation is divided into:
- OS agnostic code and,
- OS (Zephyr) specific code.

```

Author: Don't want to highlight the OS agnostic part, hence put it within the sentence.

Reviewer 3: If this suggestion is implemented, please use `*` to create bullet points, and include a blank line between the two points.

Reviewer: @krish2718 : Ok understood. In that case I guess we can just rephrase the sentence as `The nRF700X Wi-Fi driver follows an OS agnostic design, and the driver implementation is split into OS agnostic and OS (Zephyr) specific code.` ?

> The OS agnostic files are located in the :file:`drivers/wifi/nrf700x/osal/` folder and the OS specific files are located in the :file:`drivers/wifi/nrf700x/zephyr/` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OS agnostic code is located in the :file:`drivers/wifi/nrf700x/osal/` folder and the OS specific code is located in the :file:`drivers/wifi/nrf700x/zephyr/` folder.
```

The driver supports two modes of operations:

Wi-Fi mode
^^^^^^^^^^

> In this mode the driver is designed to be used with the Zephyr networking stack. It is implemented as a network interface driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the default mode of operation of the driver. In this mode the driver is designed to be used with the Zephyr networking stack. It is implemented as a network interface driver.
```

Except for scan only mode, the driver uses host access point daemon (hostapd) to implement AP Media Access Control (MAC) Sublayer Management Entity (AP MLME) and wpa_supplicant to implement 802.1X supplicant.

Radio test mode

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> The nRF700X Wi-Fi driver supports Radio Test mode, which can be used to test the RF performance of the nRF700X device.
> This is a build time option and can be enabled by using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF700X_RADIO_TEST` Kconfig option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The nRF700X Wi-Fi driver supports Radio Test mode, which you can use to test the RF performance of the nRF700X device.
This is a build time option that you can enable using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF700X_RADIO_TEST` Kconfig option.
```

For more details about using this driver in Radio Test mode, see :ref:`wifi_radio_test`.

Driver to nRF700X communication
*******************************

The driver communicates with the nRF700X device using the QSPI/SPI interface.
The driver uses the QSPI/SPI interface to send commands to the nRF700X device, and to transfer the data to and from the device.
The nRF7002 DK uses QSPI whereas the nRF7002 EK uses SPI.

To connect the nRF7002 EK to the SoC, the ``nrf7002ek`` shield is required.

API documentation
*****************

After the nrf700x driver has been initialized, the application will see it as an Ethernet interface.
To use the Ethernet interface, the application can use `Zephyr Network APIs`_.

Low-level API documentation
***************************

> The nRF700X Wi-Fi driver provides a low-level API for those use cases where the application needs to access the nRF700X device directly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The nRF700X Wi-Fi driver provides a low-level API for use cases where the application needs to access the nRF700X device directly.
```

> To connect the nRF7002 EK to the SoC, the ``nrf7002ek_nrf7002`` shield is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect the nRF7002 EK to the SoC, the ``nrf7002ek`` shield is required.
```

API documentation
*****************

After the nrf700x driver has been initialized, the application will see it as an Ethernet interface.
To use the Ethernet interface, the application can use `Zephyr Network APIs`_.

> Low level API documentation

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Low-level API documentation
```

***************************

> The nRF700X Wi-Fi driver provides a low level API for those use cases where the application needs to access the nRF700X device directly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The nRF700X Wi-Fi driver provides a low-level API for those use cases where the application needs to access the nRF700X device directly.
```

This is typically intended for customers who want to use the nRF700X device in a different platform than Zephyr.

Common API
----------

The common API is used for both normal operation and Radio Test mode.

| Header file: :file:`drivers/wifi/nrf700x/osal/fw_if/umac_if/inc/common/fmac_structs_common.h`

.. doxygengroup:: nrf700x_fmac_api_common
   :project: nrf
   :members:

Normal operation
----------------

> This mode is used for normal operation of the nRF700X device i.e., in STA mode (or other modes that are supported in the future).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This mode is used for normal operation of the nRF700X device in, for example, STA mode or other modes that are supported in the future.
```

| Header file: :file:`drivers/wifi/nrf700x/osal/fw_if/umac_if/inc/default/fmac_api.h`
| Source file: :file:`drivers/wifi/nrf700x/osal/fw_if/umac_if/src/default/fmac_api.c`

.. doxygengroup:: nrf700x_fmac_api
   :project: nrf
   :members:

Radio Test mode
---------------

> This special mode is used for testing the RF performance of the nRF700X device, mainly to characterize the RF.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Radio Test mode is used for testing the RF performance of the nRF700X device, mainly to characterize the RF.
```
